Jaaga Study will coordinate ‘Study Camps’ in The Singularity. Each one oriented around a specific tech stack and its 
associated community. Study camps aim to provide an ongoing physical place for people involved in a particular tech 
community to gather. Study camps also provide a low cost supportive environment for young people learning tech skills 
to spend significant time going through online classes, and working on open source projects.

Camps get space in The Singularity where members can live, work, study, hang out, and be beautiful in a myriad of ways. 
Camps set up their own living space and infrastructure.  Jaaga Study will help study camps get started by connecting 
them with potential members, sharing space, gear and infrastructure until the camp is established enough to continue 
on its own.

Study Camps in the Singularity conform to some norms. Each has a suggested learning path to help students learn how to 
use the tech professionally. Onsite study camps host screenings, study groups, and office hours. Study camps participate 
in the quarterly demo day show casing the projects and achievements of their participants. While we get mentors from 
time to time study camps are primarily about peer to peer learning, online classes and open source projects. 

Camp members may be students living and studying full time in the Singularity. They could also be techies from the city 
who would like to hang out with like minded people in The Singularity on weekends, or even outsiders who want to support 
the community and visit Bangalore occasionally. Everyone needs a pass to get into The Singularity. Additionally study 
camps may charge members ‘camp fees’ to cover the operating costs of their camp.

Study Camps start with a core team of organizers who would like to create a camp in The Singularity around their favorite 
technology. Organizers promote and identify people to invite to the camp. 

Javascript & Web Development will be the first study camp in The Singularity. This will be a continuation of the Javascript 
bootcamp we have conducted at Hamsah farm the past couple of quarters. Led by Rajanshu it will follow FreeCodeCamp through 
basic html / css & Javascript and then get into more specific tutorials around Node, Mongo & React.

There are a number of other technologies we’d like to establish camps for in The Singularity.  These include:

Ethereum
Open AI Universe
Localized Web & Mobile Tech for rural India
IOT & Electronics
Electric Unicycles
Sustainable Infrastructure Technologies 
Solar, Water, Internet, Structures, Vertical Hydroponic Farming, etc.

We’re are open to other tech communities who feel they would fit in at The Singularity to set up a camp.

We are also open to individuals with a clear idea of what they’d like to learn to come camp with us enjoy and be part of The Singularity.
